{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 DSA 1->Hard Level by Abdul_Mohhamad_DSA1_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. Write a program to check weather a number is prime or not - done\par
2. [easy] : {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix/ }}{\fldrslt{https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - done\par
3.[easy] : print second max frm given array - done\par
4. Explain the logic of quick sort \par
5 . What is diff btw primitives and non primitive in java\par
6 . what is diff btw stack and queue\par
\par
DSA 1->Hard Level-Ankit SHrivastav\par
\par
Leaders in an array - Given a array containing random numbers , print the number if the number is greater than all the other numbers to the right side of it.\par
DSA 1->Medium Level  - Asif khan\par
\par
1. Write a program to find the length longest palindromic substring from given string.\par
Ex: "babac"\par
O/P: 3 (aba,bab) both are valid answers.\par
\par
2. Given a array where every element is repeated twice except one find that number.\par
\par
Ex: 1 1 2\par
O/P: 2\par
DSA 1->Easy Level -  DarShan_Shah#_Asked_Question3.txt\par
\par
- difference between continue and break\par
- "Given an integer array arr, find the contiguous subarray (containing at least one number) which\par
has the largest sum and return its sum and print the subarray.\par
 arr = [-2,1,-3,4,-1,2,1,-5,4] \par
Output: 6\par
Explanation: [4,-1,2,1] has the largest sum = 6. \par
- Explain Selection sort \par
- "Check whether two strings are anagram of each other Example of anagram - dabc - abcd, listen - silent, triangle - integral"\par
DSA 1-> Medium Level -Darshak_Sorathiya_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
\par
What are data structures?\par
What are algorithms?\par
Diff between data structure and algorithms?\par
What is an array?\par
Difference between array and arraylist\par
diff btw linear search and binary search.\par
The time complexity of linear search and binary search.\par
\par
WAP for sorting array using quick sort.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/ }}{\fldrslt{https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/ }}{\fldrslt{https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
DSA 1-> Medium Level - Dev_MIttal1_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
1. Write a code that will print the max element in the right side for every element of a given array.\par
2. Merge sort.\par
DSA-1->Easy Level\par
 Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Devki_Nabdan_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
\par
discussed questions.\par
1. Hello World \par
2. No. Of elements smaller than K in an array and optimisation\par
3. Merge Sort working of Algorithm\par
4. Pallindrome and Anagram Optimized Approach \par
5. Space and time complexity discussion on  all sorting algos and all above problems.\par
DSA-1->Medium Level\par
\par
public static void main(String args[])\{  \par
String s1="hello string";  \par
s1.toUpperCase();  \par
System.out.println(s1);  \par
\}\par
......................\par
Missing number\par
Bubble sort\par
DSA-1->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/HareKrishna_Mahto_Asked_Question.txt\par
Explain quick sort.\par
Write the code for quicksort and explain its time complexity.\par
Given an array of random integers, find the 2nd largest element in it.\par
Write the code for the above algorithm.\par
Explain the Binary search algorithm.\par
DSA 1->Hard Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Hetu_Patel_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
1. Find Missing number\par
2. Find Missing and repeating number\par
DSA -1 -> Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Himanshu_Manu_Udhwani_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
- What is Array\par
- Advantages of Array \par
- Disadvantages of Array\par
- What is Data type in data structure\par
- WHat is loop?Different types of loops  \par
- What is difference between Linear & Non Linear data structure? Give few examples?\par
- Is Array is a linear data structure? \par
- What is a multidimensional array?\par
- Implementation of multidimensional array\par
- Nested for loop\par
- Can you tell me the differences between Array and Linked list?\par
- Wrie a program to reverse an array \par
- Sort an array using selection sort algorithm\par
- What are different sorting algorithm. Comparison of them\par
- Time complexity\par
DSA 1->Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Jasleen_Kaur_Asked_Question.txt\par
Longest substring without repeating character\par
DSA 1->Hard Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Manish_Shah_DSA1_Hard_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
1.Print All Possible Valid Combinations Of Parenthesis of Given \lquote N\rquote\par
Objec\-tive: \f1\endash  Given \ldblquote n\rdblquote , generate all valid parenthesis strings of length \ldblquote 2n\rdblquote .\par
Example:\par
Given n=2\par
Output:\par
(())\par
()()\par
For n=3\par
Output:\par
((()))\par
(()())\par
(())()\par
()(())\par
()()()\par
DSA-1->Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Manish_Shaw_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. print your name in reverse order.\par
2. print your name in reverse order using recursion.\par
3. print the sum of all the +ve integers from an array A=\{12,34,-20,44,-10,56,-2,86,12\}.\par
4. Sorting only the positive numbers from an array A=\{12,34,-20,44,-10,56,-2,86,12\},\par
output: \{12,12,-20,34,-10,44,-2,56,86\}\f0\par
DSA-1->Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Nihal_Saikh_Asked_Question.txt\par
(1) Given an unsorted array of both negative and positive integer. The task is place all negative element at the end of array without changing the order of positive element and negative element. \par
Examples: \par
 \par
\par
Input : arr[] = \{1, -1, 3, 2, -7, -5, 11, 6 \}\par
Output : 1  3  2  11  6  -1  -7  -5 \par
\par
\par
(2) Implement Binary Search on Array\par
DSA 1->Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/OmPrakash_Sao1_Asked_Question.txt\par
. BInary Search implementation. Discuss time complexity.\par
. Bubble sort. Discuss time complexity.\par
DSA-1->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Rahul_Kumar_yadav_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. Explain insertion sort\par
2. Implement insertion sort\par
3. reverse a string with its words\par
4. implement code to check if a string is palindrome or not\par
4. longest string without any repeating character\par
DSA 1-> Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Rajat_Goal_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
merge sort [Ans]\par
max sum sub-array [Ans]\par
DSA 1-> Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Ravi_Prakash2_Asked_Question.txt\par
- write a code for Fibonacci series \par
\par
- write code code to print number of times each character occur in a string \par
\par
- Shift all zeros in a array to right\par
DSA 1->Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Ravi_Prakash_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
- Write a code swap two words\par
eg: "Hello World" O/p - "World Hello"\par
\par
- Find the Kth largest element in a array.\par
\par
- Create a function that returns the index of elements whose sum are equal to the target number.\par
DSA 1-> Hard Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Sarthak_Singh1_Asked_Question.txt\par
- sort the given array of zero's, one's and two's in a way that all the zero comes first, then the two's and then the one's.\par
arr = [ 0,1,0,2,1,2,0]\par
\par
-Given two arrays A1[] and A2[], sort A1 in such a way that the relative order among the elements will be same as those are in A2. For the elements not present in A2, append them at last in sorted order. \par
A1[] = \{2, 1, 2, 5, 7, 1, 9, 3, 6, 8, 8\}\par
A2[] = \{2, 1, 8, 3\}\par
DSA 1-> Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Sathvik_Bhandar_Asked_Question.txt\par
Given an array from elements in the range of 1  to n. The array has all distinct numbers with n - 2 elements. Find the two missing elements.\par
 Given an array of integers, find the first repeating element in it. We need to find the element that occurs more than once and whose index of the first occurrence is smallest.\par
DSA 1->Hard Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Saurabh_Tiwari_2_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. Find the pairs in an array which sums to target\par
2. Check if two strings are anagram or not\par
DSA-1->Begginer Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Saurabh_Tiwari_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. Reverse an array\par
2. Find an element in the array\par
3. What is palindrome\par
4. Check if string is palindrome or not\par
5. What is bubble sort?\par
DSA-1->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Soumya_Sambit_Mangaraj.txt\par
Check Palindrome in a string\par
Quick Sort\par
Merge Sort\par
Remove duplicates from a string\par
DSA 1->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Soundarya_Dash1_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
1. given an array and a k, find the pairs which will add upto a given k\par
input --\par
12, 3, 7, 6, 9, 8\par
k = 20\par
output --\par
12, 3\par
7, 8\par
6, 9\par
\par
2. given a string, write the logic for compressing it\par
input --\par
input --\par
aaabbcccddeef\par
output --\par
a3b2c3d2e2f\par
DSA 1 ->Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-1/Soundarya_Dash2_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. explain and implement insertion sort -- implemented bubble sort\par
2. given a string, print length of its each word. --solved\par
input --\par
this is a string\par
output --\par
this 4\par
is 2\par
a 1\par
string 6\par
3. reverse a given string -- solved\par
4. given an array, remove its duplicates.\par
input --\par
1, 2, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5\par
output --\par
1, 2, 3, 4, 5\par
}
 