{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9                                 DSA 2 Mock\par
DSA 2->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Abdul_Mohammad__DSA2_Medium_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/ }}{\fldrslt{https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  -done\par
DSA 2-> Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Ashish_Bhalala_Asked_Question.txt\par
what is difference between array and linked list.\par
example when to use linked list or array/array list.\par
advantages and disadv of Linked list.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/ }}{\fldrslt{https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list-ii/ }}{\fldrslt{https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list-ii/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
DSA-2-> Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Ashish_Kesari_Asked_Question.txt\par
Implement Binary Search - Implemented\par
Create a linked list and print the linked list - Implemented\par
DSA 2->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Ayush_Shrivastav_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
Sort the array\par
Count the elements in Linked list\par
Reverse the linked list from the middle\par
DSA 2->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/\par
\par
1) What is Data Structure? Explain.\par
2) Describe the types of Data Structures?\par
3) List the area of applications of Data Structure.\par
4) Explain Linked List in short.\par
5) How many types of Linked List exist?\par
6) Explain a Singly Linked List in short.\par
7) What do you understand about the Doubly Linked List?\par
8) Explain a Multiply Linked List in short.\par
9) How will you explain the Circular Linked List?\par
10) How many pointers are necessary to implement a singly Linked List?\par
11) How can you represent a linked list node?\par
12) Which type of memory allocation is referred to for Linked List?\par
13) What do you know about traversal in linked lists?\par
14) What are the main differences between the Linked List and Linear Array?\par
15) Mention a few applications of Linked Lists?\par
16) What are the advantages of linked lists?\par
17) explain binary search?\par
18) explain linear search?\par
19) Write a program for Given a linked list, write a function to reverse every alternate k nodes (where k is an input to the function) in an efficient way. Give the complexity of your algorithm.\par
Inputs: 1->2->3->4->5->6->7->8->9->NULL and k = 3\par
DSA 2-> Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Dev_Mittal_DSA2_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. Find the number of elements smaller than a given number in a sorted array.\par
2. Write a class for linked list and create a sample linked list using O(n) time.\par
DSA 2-> Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Himansu_Manu_Udhwani_Asked_Question.txt\par
- What is Linked list whats purpose of it\par
- Advantages and disadvantages of Linked list\par
- Difference between singly and doubly Linked list\par
- What is difference between Array and linked List\par
- What is purpose of searching algorithms Difference between linear and binary search\par
- What is condition required for binary algorithm\par
- Coding Question asked :\par
a.) Code to reverse a Linked List\par
b.) To check whether the element k is available in an array (binary search)\par
- Time complexity\par
DSA 2-> Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Mahima_Yadav_DSA2_Medium_Level_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
Find min common prefix\par
Sort a linkedlist\par
DSA 2-> Hard Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Nihal-Saikh-Asked-Question.txt\par
1) WAP to check the linked list is palindrome or not ?\par
\par
\par
2) Problem Statement: Given a set of strings, find the longest common prefix.\par
Examples: \par
 \par
\par
Input: \{"geeksforgeeks", "geeks", "geek", "geezer"\}\par
Output: "gee"\par
\par
Input: \{"apple", "ape", "april"\}\par
Output: "ap"\par
DSA 2->Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Nihal_Shaikh2_Asked_Question.txt\par
WAP to check the linked list is palindrome or not\par
\par
Write a program that takes a list sorted in non-decreasing order and deletes any duplicate nodes from the list. The list should only be traversed once. \par
For example if the linked list is 11->11->11->21->43->43->60 then removeDuplicates() should convert the list to 11->21->43->60.\par
 DSA 2 ->medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Rahul_Kumar_Yadav_DSA2_Asked_Question.txt\par
Given two linked list represent as number, return the another linked list whose sum is those two linked list\par
ex.        list1 :  4->5->6->null; \par
\tab     list2 : 3->4->5->null;\par
            outputlist :  8->0->1->null\par
             456,+345 = 801\par
DSA 2->Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Rohan_Singh_Poona_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
- Advantages of using LinkedList over arrays?\par
- What is the time complexity of insertion of element in LinkedList?\par
- Given a Linked List check if the LinkedList contains a loop or not?\par
- If yes return the starting node of the loop?? \par
\par
?? - Questions he couldn't answer properly\par
DSA 2->Hard Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Sathvik_Bhandar_DSA2_HARD_Question.txt\par
Merge a linked list into another linked list at alternate positions\par
Check for balanced parenthesis\par
DSA 2-> Easy Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Shubham_Madhesiya_Asked_Question3.txt\par
An element in a sorted array can be found in O(log n) time via binary search. But suppose we rotate an ascending order sorted array at some pivot unknown to you beforehand. So for instance, 1 2 3 4 5 might become 3 4 5 1 2. Devise a way to find an element in the rotated array in O(log n) time.\par
Example:  \par
Input  : arr[] = \{5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 1, 2, 3\}; key = 3\par
Output : Found at index 8\par
\par
Input  : arr[] = \{5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 1, 2, 3\}; key = 30\par
Output : Not found\par
\par
Input : arr[] = \{30, 40, 50, 10, 20\}; key = 10  \par
Output : Found at index 3\par
\par
Given an n x n matrix and a number x, find the position of x in the matrix if it is present in it. Otherwise, print \ldblquote Not Found\rdblquote . In the given matrix, every row and column is sorted in increasing order. The designed algorithm should have linear time complexity.\par
Input: mat[4][4] = \{ \{10, 20, 30, 40\},\par
                      \{15, 25, 35, 45\},\par
                      \{27, 29, 37, 48\},\par
                      \{32, 33, 39, 50\}\};\par
              x = 29\par
Output: Found at (2, 1)\par
Explanation: Element at (2,1) is 29\par
DSA 2-> Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Shubham_Pawar_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
1. Find the square root of an integer\par
2. Find the intersection of two intersecting linked lists\par
DSA 2-> Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Soumya_Sambit_Mangaraj2_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
FInd middle element in LinkedList\par
Detect where cycle do exists in LinkedList\par
Find the starting of the loop if loop does exist\par
DSA 2-> Challenge Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Soundarya_Dash3_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
1. given a singly linkedlist, remove the duplicates.\par
input --\par
1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5\par
output -- \par
1, 2, 3, 4, 5\par
2. given a singly linkedlist, find first non repeating character.\par
input --\par
5, 6, 5, 3, 4, 6\par
output --\par
the first non repeating --  3\par
DSA 2->Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Soumya_Sambit_Mangaraj3_Asked_Question.txt\par
Middle element in linkedlist\par
Find an element in sorted rotated array\par
DSA 2-> Challenge Level\par
\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Soundarya_Dash3_Asked_Question.txt\par
1. given a singly linkedlist, remove the duplicates.\par
input --\par
1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5\par
output -- \par
1, 2, 3, 4, 5\par
2. given a singly linkedlist, find first non repeating character.\par
input --\par
5, 6, 5, 3, 4, 6\par
output --\par
the first non repeating --  3\par
DSA 2-> Medium Level\par
Newon_School/Dec Assignment/AAA_DSA_Mock_Interview_Questions/DSA-2/Vartika_Gupta_Asked_Question.txt\par
\par
1. Difference between Linear search and binary search?\par
2. Difference between Arrays and Linked list?\par
3. Implementation of Queue using stack ?\par
4. Check if the given list is palindrome or not?\par
5. Reverse a linked list?\par
6. For implementing a Linked List how many pointer are necessary ?\par
7. What is stack and queue?\par
}
 